Updating readme for D10/D11 + php 8.1+ (#205)
stevector/search_api_pantheon: README.md

# Search API Pantheon: Solr 8 & Drupal 10/11 Integration

[![Search API Pantheon](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/search_api_pantheon/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=8.x)](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/search_api_pantheon/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Limited Availability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pantheon-Limited_Availability-yellow?logo=pantheon&color=FFDC28)](https://pantheon.io/docs/oss-support-levels#limited-availability)

## Important Notice - Schema Reversion Prevention

> Starting with version 8.3, this module includes critical fixes to prevent Solr schema reversions that could cause:

Reviewer: This started with 8.2 shouldn't need to change.
```suggestion
Starting with version 8.2, this module includes critical fixes to prevent Solr schema reversions that could cause:
```

#### Automatic Core Reload

> Starting with version 8.3.x, Search API Pantheon automatically reloads the Solr core after schema updates to prevent schema reversions and maintain index integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 8.2.0, Search API Pantheon automatically reloads the Solr core after schema updates to prevent schema reversions and maintain index integrity.
```
